readme.md, before:

# The House Always Wins
Copyright &copy; 2022 [Ruxaroh](https://github.com/ruxaroh),
[Krobbizoid](https://github.com/krobbi).

# Contents
1. [About](#about)
2. [Play Now](#play-now)
3. [Disclaimer](#disclaimer)
4. [Description](#description)
5. [Credits](#credits)
6. [Exporting](#exporting)

# About
The House Always Wins is a game originally created within 48 hours for the
[GMTK Game Jam 2022](https://itch.io/jam/gmtk-jam-2022). The theme was
"Roll of the Dice".

__Due to the short deadline of the initial project, some of the file structure,
code, and commit messages may not be up to our usual standards.__

You play as a magical creature who has been captured by a casino. You can read
the minds of patrons and shift the odds of a simple dice game to influence
their wins and losses. When they win money, you lose money and vice-versa.

Many of the patrons desperately need a win, but some have nefarious intentions.
You can't help everyone without putting yourself at risk - you only have
limited power to shift the odds each night, and you need keep making the house
enough money to survive until the end of the week.

# Play Now
The House Always Wins can be played in the browser on deskop at
https://ruxaroh.itch.io/the-house-always-wins.

# Disclaimer
The game depicts gambling and gambling addictions. It should not be used as an
accurate depiction of these issues or the conclusions it makes.

If you are struggling with a gambling addiction, or any addiction, please seek
professional help.

# Description
Control fate by shifting the odds in your favour!

Sometimes it feels like some people get all the luck...

Well now that person is _you!_ As a fey with the power to manipulate odds and
read minds you have been captured and tasked with running and rigging a game of
dice at a local casino.

While you can push the odds to favour either the house or the players, it will
have an impact on the winners and losers...

Can you earn your freedom from the casino? At what cost would it come to those
around you?

# Credits

## Authors
* [Ruxaroh](https://github.com/ruxaroh)
* [Krobbizoid](https://github.com/krobbizoid)

## Face Graphics
https://this-person-does-not-exist.com

## Main Font
Edu SA Beginner  
https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Edu+SA+Beginner

## Background Music
Ghostrifter - On My Way  
https://soundcloud.com/ghostrifter-official/on-my-way  
Creative Commons CC BY-SA 3.0: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0

# Exporting
To export the game, use Godot Engine `3.4.4`. Make sure you have the following
empty directories inside the Godot project:

* `res://ignore/builds/`
* `res://ignore/builds/web/`
* `res://ignore/builds/windows/`
* `res://ignore/builds/linux/`

The macOS build will be inside a zip file at `res://ignore/builds/mac.zip`.

An empty `.gdignore` file should also be included in `res://ignore/` to prevent
Godot Engine from including resources from here in the game.

Commit message:

v1.1.2
Update version to v1.1.2.
Update Godot Engine to version 3.5.1.
Update build system.
Update readme.

readme.md, after:

# The House Always Wins
__Version `1.1.2`__ - Godot Engine version `3.5.1`.  
__Copyright &copy; 2022 [Ruxaroh](https://github.com/ruxaroh),
[Krobbizoid](https://github.com/krobbi).__

# Contents
1. [About](#about)
2. [Play Now](#play-now)
3. [Disclaimer](#disclaimer)
4. [Description](#description)
5. [Credits](#credits)
6. [Exporting](#exporting)
   * [Exporting Versions 1.1.2 and Above](#exporting-versions-112-and-above)
   * [Exporting Versions 1.1.1 and Below](#exporting-versions-111-and-below)

# About
The House Always Wins is a game originally created within 48 hours for the
[GMTK Game Jam 2022](https://itch.io/jam/gmtk-jam-2022). The theme was
"Roll of the Dice".

__Due to the short deadline of the initial project, some of the file structure,
code, and commit messages may not be up to our usual standards.__

You play as a magical creature who has been captured by a casino. You can read
the minds of patrons and shift the odds of a simple dice game to influence
their wins and losses. When they win money, you lose money and vice-versa.

Many of the patrons desperately need a win, but some have nefarious intentions.
You can't help everyone without putting yourself at risk - you only have
limited power to shift the odds each night, and you need keep making the house
enough money to survive until the end of the week.

# Play Now
The House Always Wins can be played in the browser on deskop at
https://ruxaroh.itch.io/the-house-always-wins.

# Disclaimer
The game depicts gambling and gambling addictions. It should not be used as an
accurate depiction of these issues or the conclusions it makes.

If you are struggling with a gambling addiction, or any addiction, please seek
professional help.

# Description
Control fate by shifting the odds in your favour!

Sometimes it feels like some people get all the luck...

Well now that person is _you!_ As a fey with the power to manipulate odds and
read minds you have been captured and tasked with running and rigging a game of
dice at a local casino.

While you can push the odds to favour either the house or the players, it will
have an impact on the winners and losers...

Can you earn your freedom from the casino? At what cost would it come to those
around you?

# Credits

## Authors
* [Ruxaroh](https://github.com/ruxaroh)
* [Krobbizoid](https://github.com/krobbizoid)

## Face Graphics
https://this-person-does-not-exist.com

## Main Font
Edu SA Beginner  
https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Edu+SA+Beginner

## Background Music
Ghostrifter - On My Way  
https://soundcloud.com/ghostrifter-official/on-my-way  
Creative Commons CC BY-SA 3.0: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0

# Exporting
The steps for exporting the game depend on its version. Make sure you are
following the correct instructions.

## Exporting Versions 1.1.2 and Above
For detailed instructions on exporting and distributing the latest versions of
the game, see [builds/readme.md](./builds/readme.md).

## Exporting Versions 1.1.1 and Below
The following instructions only apply to game versions `1.1.1` and below.

To export the game, use Godot Engine `3.4.4`. Make sure you have the following
empty directories inside the Godot project:

* `res://ignore/builds/`
* `res://ignore/builds/web/`
* `res://ignore/builds/windows/`
* `res://ignore/builds/linux/`

The macOS build will be inside a zip file at `res://ignore/builds/mac.zip`.

An empty `.gdignore` file should also be included in `res://ignore/` to prevent
Godot Engine from including resources from here in the game.
